fix genesis exporting of tendermint metadata (#210)
cosmos/ibc-go: CHANGELOG.md

### Bug Fixes

> * (07-tendermint) [#\210](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/pull/210) Correctly exported consensus metadata on genesis restarts for tendermint clients.

Author: ```suggestion
* (07-tendermint) [#\210](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/pull/210) Exporte all consensus metadata on genesis restarts for tendermint clients.
```
